c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary2.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary2.pdb
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\Mono.Addins.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\Nini.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenMetaverse.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenMetaverseTypes.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenSim.Framework.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenSim.Region.Framework.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenMetaverse.StructuredData.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\XMLRPC.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\Mono.Addins.Setup.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\SmartThreadPool.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenSim.Framework.Servers.HttpServer.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenSim.Services.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenSim.Region.Physics.Manager.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenSim.Capabilities.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenSim.Framework.Monitoring.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenSim.Framework.Serialization.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenSim.Framework.Servers.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\HttpServer_OpenSim.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenSim.Framework.Console.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenMetaverse.xml
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenMetaverseTypes.xml
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\OpenMetaverse.StructuredData.xml
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\HttpServer_OpenSim.pdb
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\bin\Debug\HttpServer_OpenSim.xml
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\obj\Debug\ClassLibrary2.dll
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\obj\Debug\ClassLibrary2.pdb
c:\users\justin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ClassLibrary2\ClassLibrary2\obj\Debug\ClassLibrary2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
